Minor fixes for AD review, part 2 (#167)
mlswg/mls-architecture: draft-ietf-mls-architecture.md

- The attacker can publish or distribute credentials

> In the past, some systems have had a centralized server geenrate signature key

Author: ```suggestion
In the past, some systems have had a centralized server generate signature key
```

> stored encrypted at rest and during the execution. Applications should also
> consider anonymous systems for server fanout (for example {{Loopix}}).

Some infrastructures will keep a
mapping between signature public keys of clients and user identities. This can
benefit an adversary that has compromised the AS (or required access according
to regulation) the ability of monitoring unencrypted traffic and correlating the

> messages exchanged within the same group.

Reviewer: how about:
Some infrastructure keeps a mapping between keys used in the MLS protocol and user identities. An attacker with access to this information due to regulation or compromise can associated unencrypted group messages (ex: Commits and Proposals) with the corresponding user identity.

> mapping between signature public keys of clients and user identities. This can
> benefit an adversary that has compromised the AS (or required access according
> to regulation) the ability of monitoring unencrypted traffic and correlating the
> messages exchanged within the same group.

Author: ```suggestion
Some infrastructure keeps a mapping between keys used in the MLS protocol and
user identities. An attacker with access to this information due to compromise
or regulation can associate unencrypted group messages (e.g., Commits and
Proposals) with the corresponding user identity.
```
